Added leftjoin! to performance section (#152)
JuliaDataScience/JuliaDataScience: contents/dataframes_performance.md

Almost all the `DataFrames.jl` functions that we've seen have a \"`!` twin\".
For example, `filter` has an _in-place_ `filter!`, `select` has `select!`, `subset` has `subset!`, and so on.
Notice that these functions **do not** return a new `DataFrame`, but instead they **update** the `DataFrame` that they act upon.

> Additionally, `DataFrames.jl` (version 1.3 onwards) supports in-place `leftjoin` with the function `leftjoin!` by updating the left `DataFrame` with the joined columns from right `DataFrame`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, `DataFrames.jl` (version 1.3 onwards) supports in-place `leftjoin` with the function `leftjoin!`.
This function updates the left `DataFrame` with the joined columns from the right `DataFrame`.
```

Reviewer: Upon looking at this PR, I was like thinking whether we can say a bit more about it. However, the API is completely in line with all the other functions from DataFrames.jl and I don't see any reason for surprises in the implementation. So, yes this should be enough.

Reviewer 2: Two comments:
* in general right table can be just data frame (not only `DataFrame`, but also `SubDataFrame`), but it is a detail - so you might want to keep things as is as this is simpler
* the additional requirement for `leftjoin!` is that for each row of left table there must be **at most** one row in right table; the issue is that if we do in-place update we do not want to produce duplicate matches as then they would mean we would have to increase the number of rows in left data frame; in normal `leftjoin` having duplicates is allowed.

Author: We are trying not to go into `SubDataFrame` in the first edition of the book. But we will cover in a future edition/version.

Almost all the `DataFrames.jl` functions that we've seen have a \"`!` twin\".
For example, `filter` has an _in-place_ `filter!`, `select` has `select!`, `subset` has `subset!`, and so on.
Notice that these functions **do not** return a new `DataFrame`, but instead they **update** the `DataFrame` that they act upon.
Additionally, `DataFrames.jl` (version 1.3 onwards) supports in-place `leftjoin` with the function `leftjoin!`.
This function updates the left `DataFrame` with the joined columns from the right `DataFrame`.

> There is a caveat that for each row of left table there must be *at most* one row in right table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is a caveat that for each row of left table there must match *at most* one row in right table.
```
